[Music]
you spook easily Starling is her he's
past the others
the last cell I'll be watching you'll do
fine a killer is on the loose
keeps him alive for three days then he
shoots them Stinson and dumps them a
rookie FBI agent is on his trail his
grill physical strength cautious precise
he's never impulsive he'll never stop
but in order to track him down she'll
have to match wits I'll help you catch
him Clary believe me you don't want
Hannibal Lecter inside your head with
the darkest of all Minds just do your
job I never forget what he is but he's a
monster
pure psychopath so rare to capture one
alive
so close by the way you're gonna catch
him do you realize that how Glory's your
problem isn't need to get more fun out
of life you told me you don't spook
easily
we call this easy sir records missing
hand arm master raving maniac who knows
what I'll do thank you
[Music]
you